[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 superhero film black
panther so let's get started centuries
ago five African tribes were over a
meteorite containing the metal vibranium
one warrior ingests a heart shape herb
affected by the metal and gained
superhuman abilities becoming the first
black panther he unites all the tribes
except the Jabari to form the nation of
Wakanda though Condon's use the
vibranium to develop advanced technology
and isolate themselves from the rest of
the world
posing as a third world nation in 1992
King to chaka visits his brother nacho
boo who is working undercover in Oakland
California takaka accuses nijo boo of
assisting black market arms dealer
ulysses klaw with stealing vibranium for
makanda 'no joe whose partner reveals
that he is actually Zuri another
undercover wakandan and confirms to
chacas suspicions in present day
following to chacas death his son to
Chawla returns to Wakanda to assume the
throne he and Ikoyi the leader of the
Dora mulashi regimen extract Nakia to
chela's ex-love from an undercover
assignment so she can attend his
coronation ceremony along with his
mother Amanda and his younger sister
Cherie at the ceremony the Jabari tribes
leader baku challenges to Chawla for the
crown in a ritual combat the Chawla
defeats in Baku and persuades him to
yield rather than to die in the combat
after Klaw and Eric Stevens steal OA
Condon artifact from a museum will copy
the chalice friend and a coil of urges
him to bring claw back dead or alive
T'Challa Ocoee and Nakia traveled to
South Korea where Klaw plans to sell the
artifact to CIA agent
Everett K Ross a firefight erupts and
claw attempts to flee but is caught by a
T'Challa who reluctantly releases him
into Ross's custody
Eric attacks and extracts Klaw as Ross
is severely injured protecting Nakia
rather than pursue cloth the child takes
Ross to Wakanda where there
technology can save his life while
Sheree heals Ross
T'Challa confront Zuri Zuri explains
that in the Jobu plan to share what
condom technology with people of African
descent around the world to help them
conquer their oppressors esta Kaka was
arresting a Joe boo back in 1992 a Jobu
attack Zuri was forced to chaka to kill
me Joe boo to Chaka ordered Zuri to lie
that know Joe boo had disappeared and
left behind his American son Eric in
order to maintain the lie Eric became a
u.s. black op soldier adopting the name
kill monger meanwhile Eric kills Klaw
and takes his body to Wakanda he is
brought before the tribal elders
revealing his identity and claimed at
the throne Eric aka kill monger
challenges to Allah and ritual combat
after killing Zuri he defeats T'Challa
and hurls him over a waterfall after
ingesting the heart-shaped herb Eric
orders the rest of the powerful fruit to
be burned but Nakia is able to steal one
Erik supported by a copy in his army
prepares to distribute shipments of all
condon weapons to operatives around the
world
Nakia Sheree Ramon de and Ross flee to
the Jabari tribe for aid they find a
comatose T'Challa
rescued by the Jabari in repayment for
an Baku's life healed by nakiya's erb2
Chawla returns to fight kill monger who
is now wearing his own suit and commands
will copy in his army to attack T'Challa
Sheree
Nakia and the Dora mulashi joined to
Chawla while Ross remotely pilots a jet
to fight and shoot down planes carrying
vibranium weapons mbaku and the Jabari
tribe arrived to reinforce T'Challa
confronted by Ocoee
while kabhi and his army stand down
fighting in wakandans vibranium mine
T'Challa disrupts kill monger suit and
stabs him kill monger refuses to be
healed choosing to die a free man rather
than be incarcerated
T'Challa decides that kill monger had
some valid points and they do need to
extend themselves into the outside world
creating a Outreach Center building in
California where new Jobu died in a
mid-credits scene we see Chawla appears
before the United Nations to reveal that
Wakanda
true nature to the world in a
post-credits scene cherie helps Bucky
Barnes with his recuperation
so that was spoilers for Black Panther
if you have another film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts under various forms of social
media and remember to check out our new
Instagram giveaways and also to Like and
subscribe thanks for watching